README.md, before:

#  Hi there, I'm Mohataseem Khan! 

<div align="center">
  
![Typing SVG](https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=Fira+Code&size=24&duration=3000&pause=1000&color=61DAFB&center=true&vCenter=true&width=600&lines=Full+Stack+Developer;MERN+Stack+Enthusiast;Computer+Engineering+Student;Passionate+Problem+Solver)

</div>

---

##  About Me

 **Final-year Computer Engineering student** with an unwavering passion for crafting digital experiences that matter.  
 **Full-Stack Developer** specializing in the **MERN ecosystem** (MongoDB, Express.js, React, Node.js).  
 I believe in the perfect marriage of **functionality and aesthetics** - building applications that not only work flawlessly but also captivate users.  
 **Innovation-driven**: I thrive on transforming complex ideas into intuitive, scalable digital solutions.  
 **Growth mindset**: Constantly evolving with the tech landscape, embracing new frameworks and methodologies.  
 **Impact-focused**: Every line of code I write aims to solve real-world problems and enhance user experiences.  

---

## 🌐 Let's Connect

<div align="center">

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white&label=Connect)](https://linkedin.com/in/mohataseem-khan) 
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-EA4335?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white&label=Contact)](mailto:mohataseem89@gmail.com)
[![Portfolio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-FF5722?style=for-the-badge&logo=firefox&logoColor=white&label=Explore)](https://mohataseem-portfolio.vercel.app/)

</div>

---

## 🛠️ Technology Arsenal

### **Frontend Development**
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) 
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white) 
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)  
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-61DAFB?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=black) 
![Redux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Redux-764ABC?style=for-the-badge&logo=redux&logoColor=white)
![React Router](https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Router-CA4245?style=for-the-badge&logo=react-router&logoColor=white)

### **Backend Development**
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=white)
![PM2](https://img.shields.io/badge/PM2-2B037A?style=for-the-badge&logo=pm2&logoColor=white)
![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/Firebase-FFCA28?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase&logoColor=black)
![JWT](https://img.shields.io/badge/JWT-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=JSON%20web%20tokens&logoColor=white)

### **Database & Storage**
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-47A248?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white) 
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-4479A1?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)

### **Cloud & Deployment**
![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-232F3E?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white) 
![Google Cloud](https://img.shields.io/badge/Google_Cloud-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-cloud&logoColor=white)  
![Netlify](https://img.shields.io/badge/Netlify-00C7B7?style=for-the-badge&logo=netlify&logoColor=white) 
![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vercel-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel&logoColor=white)

### **UI/UX & Styling**
![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/Bootstrap-7952B3?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white) 
![Chakra UI](https://img.shields.io/badge/Chakra_UI-319795?style=for-the-badge&logo=chakra-ui&logoColor=white)  
![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)
![DaisyUI](https://img.shields.io/badge/DaisyUI-5A0EF8?style=for-the-badge&logo=daisyui&logoColor=white)
![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/Figma-F24E1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white)

### **Development Tools**
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white) 
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)  
![NPM](https://img.shields.io/badge/NPM-CB3837?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm&logoColor=white)
![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white)

---

## 📊 GitHub Analytics

<div align="center">

### **Performance Overview**
![GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=mohataseem89&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=false&show_icons=true)

### **Coding Consistency**
![GitHub Streak](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=mohataseem89&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true)

### **Language Distribution**
![Top Languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=mohataseem89&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=false&layout=compact)

</div>

---

## 🏆 Featured Contributions

![Top Contributed Repo](https://github-contributor-stats.vercel.app/api?username=mohataseem89&limit=5&theme=tokyonight&combine_all_yearly_contributions=true)

---

Commit message:

Update README to include Machine Learning skills
skill updated

README.md, after:

# Hi there, I'm Mohataseem Khan! 

<div align="center">
  
![Typing SVG](https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=Fira+Code&size=24&duration=3000&pause=1000&color=61DAFB&center=true&vCenter=true&width=600&lines=Full+Stack+Developer;MERN+Stack+Enthusiast;Machine+Learning+Enthusiast;Computer+Engineering+Student;Passionate+Problem+Solver)

</div>

---

## 🚀 About Me

🎓 **Final-year Computer Engineering student** with an unwavering passion for crafting digital experiences that matter.  
💻 **Full-Stack Developer** specializing in the **MERN ecosystem** (MongoDB, Express.js, React, Node.js).  
🤖 **Machine Learning Enthusiast** exploring the intersection of AI and web development.  
✨ I believe in the perfect marriage of **functionality and aesthetics** - building applications that not only work flawlessly but also captivate users.  
🚀 **Innovation-driven**: I thrive on transforming complex ideas into intuitive, scalable digital solutions.  
📈 **Growth mindset**: Constantly evolving with the tech landscape, embracing new frameworks and methodologies.  
🎯 **Impact-focused**: Every line of code I write aims to solve real-world problems and enhance user experiences.  

---

## 🌐 Let's Connect

<div align="center">

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white&label=Connect)](https://linkedin.com/in/mohataseem-khan) 
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-EA4335?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white&label=Contact)](mailto:mohataseem89@gmail.com)
[![Portfolio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-FF5722?style=for-the-badge&logo=firefox&logoColor=white&label=Explore)](https://mohataseem-portfolio.vercel.app/)

</div>

---

## 🛠️ Technology Arsenal

### **Frontend Development**
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) 
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white) 
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)  
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-61DAFB?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=black) 
![Redux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Redux-764ABC?style=for-the-badge&logo=redux&logoColor=white)
![React Router](https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Router-CA4245?style=for-the-badge&logo=react-router&logoColor=white)

### **Backend Development**
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=white)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![PM2](https://img.shields.io/badge/PM2-2B037A?style=for-the-badge&logo=pm2&logoColor=white)
![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/Firebase-FFCA28?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase&logoColor=black)
![JWT](https://img.shields.io/badge/JWT-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=JSON%20web%20tokens&logoColor=white)

### **Machine Learning & Data Science**
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/NumPy-013243?style=for-the-badge&logo=numpy&logoColor=white)
![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pandas-150458?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=white)
![Scikit-Learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/Scikit--Learn-F7931E?style=for-the-badge&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white)
![PyTorch](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch-EE4C2C?style=for-the-badge&logo=pytorch&logoColor=white)
![Matplotlib](https://img.shields.io/badge/Matplotlib-11557c?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)

### **Database & Storage**
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-47A248?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white) 
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-4479A1?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)

### **Cloud & Deployment**
![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-232F3E?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white) 
![Google Cloud](https://img.shields.io/badge/Google_Cloud-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-cloud&logoColor=white)  
![Netlify](https://img.shields.io/badge/Netlify-00C7B7?style=for-the-badge&logo=netlify&logoColor=white) 
![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vercel-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel&logoColor=white)

### **UI/UX & Styling**
![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/Bootstrap-7952B3?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white) 
![Chakra UI](https://img.shields.io/badge/Chakra_UI-319795?style=for-the-badge&logo=chakra-ui&logoColor=white)  
![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)
![DaisyUI](https://img.shields.io/badge/DaisyUI-5A0EF8?style=for-the-badge&logo=daisyui&logoColor=white)
![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/Figma-F24E1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white)

### **Development Tools**
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white) 
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)  
![NPM](https://img.shields.io/badge/NPM-CB3837?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm&logoColor=white)
![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white)

---

## 📊 GitHub Analytics

<div align="center">

### **Performance Overview**
![GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=mohataseem89&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=false&show_icons=true)

### **Coding Consistency**
![GitHub Streak](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=mohataseem89&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true)

### **Language Distribution**
![Top Languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=mohataseem89&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=false&layout=compact)

</div>

---

## 🏆 Featured Contributions

![Top Contributed Repo](https://github-contributor-stats.vercel.app/api?username=mohataseem89&limit=5&theme=tokyonight&combine_all_yearly_contributions=true)

---
